---
layout: story
title: "Traveling the World Through the Lens: My Adventure in Photography"
description: "As the human city development encroaches on the raccoon population's forest and meadow habitat, the raccoons find themselves faced with the very real possibility of extinction. In response, the raccoons engage in a desperate struggle to stop the construction and preserve their home."
date: "2023-01-15"
tags: ["animation", "fantasy", "japanese"]
cover: 
  src: "/img/stories/02.jpg"
  alt: "alternative text"
  width: 1600
  height: 2400
---

# Traveling the World Through the Lens: My Adventure in Photography

::three-images
---
src1: /img/stories/01.jpg
src2: /img/stories/02.jpg
src3: /img/stories/03.jpg
alt1: alternative text
alt2: alternative text
alt3: alternative text
---
::

Traveling the world through the lens of my camera has been an incredible journey filled with excitement, adventure, and endless inspiration. As a young photography enthusiast, I was always drawn to capturing the beauty of the world around me. From cityscapes to landscapes, I was constantly on the lookout for the next shot.

## h2 Heading

One day, I decided to take a leap of faith and pursue my passion for photography full-time. I sold everything I had and hit the road with nothing but my camera and a sense of adventure. My first stop was Paris, the city of lights, where I was mesmerized by the beauty of the Eiffel Tower and the stunning architecture that surrounded me.

### h3 Heading

From there, I traveled to Africa, where I captured the raw beauty of the savanna and the majesty of the wild animals that roamed the land. My travels then took me to Asia, where I was awestruck by the vibrant colors, rich culture, and bustling energy of countries like Thailand and India.

My adventures have brought me to countless new and exciting places, each one more beautiful and awe-inspiring than the last. Through my lens, I have captured moments of pure joy and wonder, and I feel so lucky to be able to share these experiences with others.

___


## Images

Traveling the world through the lens of my camera has been a dream come true, and I am so grateful for the opportunities and experiences that photography has brought into my life. No matter where my travels take me next, I know that I will always find inspiration and beauty through the lens of my camera.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/02.jpg alt="alternative text"}

```markdown
:blog-image{src=/img/stories/02.jpg alt="alternative text"}
```

Traveling the world through the lens of my camera has been a dream come true, and I am so grateful for the opportunities and experiences that photography has brought into my life. No matter where my travels take me next, I know that I will always find inspiration and beauty through the lens of my camera.

:blog-image{src=/img/stories/01.jpg, alt="alternative text"}

## Emphasis

**This is bold text**

__This is bold text__

*This is italic text*

_This is italic text_

~~Strikethrough~~

## Links

Here is how a [link text](https://dev.to) looks like.

## Blockquotes


> Blockquotes can also be nested...
>> ...by using additional greater-than signs right next to each other...
> > > ...or with spaces between arrows.


## Lists

Unordered

+ Create a list by starting a line with `+`, `-`, or `*`
+ Sub-lists are made by indenting 2 spaces:
  - Marker character change forces new list start:
  - Ac tristique libero volutpat at
  - Facilisis in pretium nisl aliquet
  -  Nulla volutpat aliquam velit
+ Very easy!

Ordered

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
2. Consectetur adipiscing elit
3. Integer molestie lorem at massa


## Tables

| Option | Description                                                               |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| data   | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine | engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default.    |
| ext    | extension to be used for dest files.                                      |

